[Docs] sylius performance boost (#12873)
Sylius/Sylius: docs/performance/index.rst

> Performance guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Performance Guide
```

=================

> With huge databases some of you may experience performance issues, with this guide you can learn how to handle even millions of customers or products.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With huge databases some of you may experience performance issues, with this guide you can learn how to handle even millions of records.
```
???
